(city bustle)
(cheering)
- Everyone's here to watch the
aging rockstar get crucified.
(overlapping chatter)
(soft guitar playing)
♪ I look outside and all
the clouds are gone ♪
♪ But something in me feels
so dark and restless ♪
♪ The pillow where you
lay is awfully cold ♪
♪ Run wild, Sally Wind
♪ We all sink or swim
♪ Your smile, ivory sin
♪ Run wild, Sally Wind ♪
- Sounds amazing, Dad.
(Bergs): Let's play it back.
(soft guitar)
(sniffles)
♪ Sunday morning comes
the sun is shining ♪
♪ I look outside and all
the clouds are gone ♪
- I'd rather not hear
the kick on this.
I'd rather just feel it.
- Grandma and me made
these popsicles
from the blueberries we picked.
Take one.
- Jo Jo, what did I tell you
about coming in here without
permission?
- It's my daddy's studio.
- No, it isn't.
- It's Grandpa's house, Jo.
You know that.
Go play in your room a minute
while we wrap up here, okay?
- This board belonged
to Creedence,
I'd rather not ruin it.
- Leo was telling me that
he thinks you should record
an acoustic version
of Mojave Moon.
- Well, this is
a Greatest Hits Album.
That was definitely not a hit.
- Because you never released it.
- 'Cause it's not a hit.
- It will be.
- We'll talk about it.
- Jo Jo just ran past me crying.
She said you yelled at her?
- I didn't yell.
- She's still figuring out
the new living arrangement.
- Yelling at her won't help.
- I'll talk to her.
Let's, uh... pick this
up tomorrow, huh?
- Yeah, we're good.
- Thanks, Bergs.
- You're welcome to stay
for dinner Bergs.
- Love to, but Chris Martin's
in town
with some new artist
he wants me to meet.
Someone he found on TikTok
or some other nonsense.
- We'll walk you out.
- I have to clean up some stuff
here, so you go ahead.
- It's good to see you, Leo.
- You too, Bergs.
(sighs)
(sniffles)
(soft guitar melody)
♪ Every day keeps falling
♪ Faster than the last
♪ But I still can't run faster
♪ Faster than my past
(Anne): I love that sound.
- I don't hear anything.
- Exactly.
(chuckling)
(Billy sighs)
- Who would ever have imagined
we'd have a grown child
in the house at this age?
- We're lucky.
We can help.
- Are we?
- He'll leave when he's ready.
- You said that about
his diapers.
- He doesn't wear them
anymore, does he?
(chuckling)
- I gotta go run a quick errand.
- Where?
- I got a thing.
I'm... I'm meeting someone.
- Leo.
(sighs)
- I promised Dana I'd help her
hang curtain rods
in the apartment.
- Doesn't she have a super
or a handyman to do that?
Why do you--
- I want to see her.
She's still Jo Jo's mother,
whether you like it or not.
- Not.
Come on, Leo, wise up.
She triggers you every time.
- She doesn't "trigger" me,
and please don't use
therapy talk
when you don't understand it.
- Sorry. We're just...
concerned.
- I know.
And I appreciate you letting
Jo Jo and me live here for now.
But you have to trust me, okay?
- Okay.
- Alright.
(soft guitar playing)
- I just saw the appointment
reminder from Nan.
You didn't tell me you're
getting another scan next month.
- You have enough on your plate.
- I'm a doctor.
- You're a psychiatrist,
not an oncologist.
- You're not due for
a scan until next year.
Why did Nan order it?
- She didn't love the numbers
on my blood work, so.
No point worrying about it now.
Let's just wait and see where
we are after the scan, huh?
Hey, it's okay.
(alarm blaring)
Guest house.
Call 9-1-1!
- Daddy! Please, wake up!
Daddy! Please, please.
Wake up.
Please, wake up!
- Jo Jo! You need to go outside,
right now.
- Daddy, wake up.
Wake up!
- Listen to Grandpa. Go outside.
We'll be right there.
(Billy coughing)
(tense music)
- Please, God.
- Jo Jo, you have to go outside.
- She can't be in here, Billy.
- Come on, let's go outside.
- He's okay!
Daddy!
- Hiya, bug.
Hi, hi, hi.
- We've accepted the defendant's
guilty plea, Your Honour.
The prosecution feels strongly
that he should not be given
special treatment
because he's a celebrity.
So we've requested the maximum
sentence available
under the law for manslaughter.
(bird chirping)
- Grandma, look at this one!
- Oh, that's a real beauty.
(phone chimes)
- Daddy loves zucchini bread,
can we make some for him today?
- It's Aunt Ramona's recipe.
- When Grandma goes to pick up
your dad, we'll make it.
- Yay!
- I'll be right back.
- Do we really have
to pick him up today?
- He can't stay in rehab
forever.
- Seeing you and Jo
Jo in the garden...
(sighs)
Things have been so calm
without Leo here.
And honestly, how do we know
we can keep him safe?
- That's why you're going
to speak to Dana.
- There's only one language
that woman understands.
- Whatever it takes
to keep her away.
(sighs)
(rumbling)
(knocking)
- What?
- Dana.
- It's me, Billy.
I wanna talk to you.
- What? Like last time? Go away.
- Please, open the door.
I wanna give you something.
Look, Leo's getting out
of rehab today
and we all think it'd be better
for both of you
if you keep some distance.
- You all think?
(chuckles)
Well, then who am I to challenge
the legendary Billy Carlson
and his band of screwed up
family members?
- Dana, if you want help,
we'll help ya.
We'd like nothin' more.
But as long as you're using,
you gotta stay away from Leo.
He's trying to get clean.
- I love him, you know.
I always have.
- Well, if that's true then,
you'll stay away.
- You're not gonna keep me
away from my kid.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Here, how 'bout this, huh?
But you gotta find someplace
else to live
and you gotta change
your phone number.
- Screw you, Billy.
- Okay. Uh, you uh... you ready?
- Yes.
- Mom. He was asking me.
- I'm sorry.
- Where's Dad?
- He had a meeting at the label.
He really wanted to be here.
- Now listen, rebuilding trust
takes time, okay?
It's part of the process.
You just go to your meetings,
establish a routine,
and uh... this is daily dose
of Buprenorphine.
- To block the cravings.
- Yeah.
You got this. Okay?
- Yeah. Thanks.
- Your father really
wanted to be here.
- You already said.
- I did?
- Look, I don't wanna
be a burden
if you and dad don't want me.
- You're not a burden.
You're our son.
You're not a burden.
So how was the food there?
- It was, uh...
it was food.
- Not so good?
- Hey, kid.
- Hey, Ro.
Hiya, Bug.
It's good to see you.
- Daddy needs big hugs
today, remember?
- Hi.
Thank you.
What's happening at school?
Anything good?
- Tell Daddy about
the potato batteries.
- Potato batteries?
- The acid in potatoes reacts
with zinc or copper
and we made a light bulb work.
- Oh, for real?
(chuckling)
(whispering): Offer him
zucchini.
- Okay.
- Zucchini.
- Also, I helped Aunt Ro make
zucchini bread for later today.
All the cousins are coming.
- Today?
- Everyone really wanted
to see you.
- Even Tommy?
- Even Tommy.
- Guess what? We're staying
in the main house now
so you get the same room as
you did when you were my age.
- Just until the guest house
renovations are done.
It was supposed to be last
week, but you know.
- Come on, I'll show you!
- This is Dana's phone.
You can leave a message,
but I won't listen to it.
(beep)
- Hey Dana, it's me.
(sighs)
Give me a call?
(knocking)
- Leo.
- Hey, Dad.
- Hey.
Sorry, I, uh... sorry I didn't
pick you up, I had--
- No, Mom told me.
It's cool.
Really.
(clears throat)
You're really taking
it down to the studs.
- Yeah.
- I didn't realize
I'd done so much damage.
- The kitchen needed an update,
so it was a good excuse.
- How's the album coming?
- We, uh, wrapped the last
song a couple weeks ago.
- Oh.
I didn't realize.
- Label wasn't gonna wait, Leo.
Even if I wanted 'em to.
- Of course not.
(clears throat)
Hey Dad, remember that...
that summer when I was ten
and Tommy and Ramona went away
to that camp for smart kids?
- I thought you all went
to that.
- No, it was... it was just
me and you in the house
for two months.
You spent the summer tinkering
away at that piano,
humming that one song.
- Which song?
- It doesn't have a name
because you never finished it.
(singing): Every day keeps
falling faster than the last.
But I still can't run faster,
faster than my past.
- My only kid who
can carry a tune.
- I think we should put
that song out as a bonus track.
I could go through
your old notebooks,
piece a melody together.
Give me something to do.
- You know what?
See what you can do with it.
We'll run it by Bergs.
- Great.
(Jake): Hey, Grandpa.
(Jo Jo): Hey, guys.
(Jake): Uncle Leo!
Pass the ball.
(Anne): Leo, come say hello.
(Jake): For the pass.
- Hey, Sis.
- Hey.
- Hey, Ted.
- You look good, Leo.
- One day at a time.
- This fish is almost done,
so where's Tommy?
- He was right behind us.
- Hey.
It's good to see you, Tommy.
- Yeah, you too.
- We don't need the booze
right now, Tommy.
- Leo can handle seeing alcohol.
He knows the drill.
Hell, even I know the drill.
- Leo's been out one day.
- Leo's right here.
And it's fine.
Alcohol was never my problem.
- Okay. Fine.
In that case,
I'll get champagne.
- Your problem was
what again? Oxycontin?
- Tommy, watch it.
- Why, is it a secret?
I honestly can't remember
what you were on
when you and Dana left Jake
in the park that time.
- Hey, let's not use
my son against Leo.
- I'm just curious.
- What does it matter?
- Yes, it was Oxy.
And I've apologized.
Many times.
(bottle pops)
- I'd like to welcome
our firstborn child back home
and tell you how proud I am...
how proud we all are.
- Oh here, Mom, lemme get that.
- Thank you, honey.
- Don't light anything on fire.
- God, you're still such an ass.
How's it going with you being
back in your old room?
- Uh, weird.
Mom put out all my trophies
and stuff.
You try masturbating under
a Star Wars blanket.
- Gross.
- She email you the thing?
- What're you talking about?
- We got a numbered list
of off-limit conversation
topics for tonight.
- You're joking.
Come on.
What was number one?
(both): Dana.
- Seriously?
- I think Mom was half
expecting her
to crash the party today.
- The girl's a train wreck.
- How can you be so cold?
She's Jo Jo's mom.
- She was the worst thing
to happen to this family.
She practically gave
Dad the cancer.
- Screw you.
- Stop it, both of you.
- I'm trying, Tommy.
I am.
Give me a chance.
- Give you a chance?
I was 13 the first time
I found you OD'ing
on the floor
of the family room.
- Tommy, that's enough.
- Fifteen when you and Dana
vanished
into thin air for four months.
- Okay, I'm sorry,
what else am I supposed to do?
- Nineteen years of this crap.
Nineteen years.
I am done!
- Maybe you and everybody else'd
be happier
than if I just dropped dead!
- You already tried that, bro.
- Tommy is a jerk.
- He's angry.
And not without reason.
- I don't understand why you're
always defending him.
- Cause he's my kid brother.
- Yeah, well I'm your sister
and I'm telling you that...
Hey, Dad, you okay?
(out of breath): Yeah. Fine.
Go ahead, I'll catch up.
- Come on.
(long exhale)
- His Gleason score is up.
Which means the malignancy
is increasing.
- Not necessarily.
- Maybe it's time for surgery,
considering his pain.
- Can I see his biopsy result?
His PSA hasn't moved much.
What about radiation
seed implants?
- Well, that's a possibility,
but--
- We'll increase the Flomax,
give him something for the pain.
I don't want him in surgery.
(Billy scoffs)
- She'll kill me before
the cancer does.
(laughing)
Nan, uh...
...what kind of time
am I looking at here?
(soft piano playing)
♪ Every day keeps falling
♪ Faster than the last
♪ But I still can't run faster
♪ Faster than my past
♪ Still haunted by those
memories ♪
♪ Cracked and stained
with my regret ♪
♪ So I'll just keep remembering
to forget ♪
♪ And even when I sleep
your smile is all I dream ♪
♪ Did you really
have to leave? ♪
♪ I'll try to keep remembering
♪ I'll never stop remembering
to forget ♪
(melody fades out)
(sighs)
(Berg): It's an old song,
but it sounds new.
- Right? It's kind of haunting.
- I'm not sure that
a Greatest Hits album
is the right home for it.
- Seriously?
Come on, Bergs, fans live
for long lost songs.
- That's an idea:
The Lost Recordings.
Let's look at it for
that next time around, okay?
You owe me one.
- I know.
But if I'd told him,
it would have crushed him.
- The song isn't
terrible, Billy.
- No. But I don't want "isn't
terrible" on my last album.
- Don't say that.
Even in jest.
- Yeah.
Thanks, Bergs.
(sighs)
- What'd he say?
- Uh...
not gonna happen, kiddo.
- Bergs is an idiot.
- Whoa.
- No, I'm not high.
I'm pissed.
That song is beautiful.
- So we'll...
find a place for it
on the next album.
- That's not true
and you know it.
- Look. I couldn't make this
song work 30 years ago.
It's not your fault.
- Your fans will love it.
- Maybe.
- Right, there it is.
You're the one who doesn't want
the song on the album,
not Bergs.
Why couldn't you just say that?
- Leo.
(sighs)
(big exhale)
- The kid doesn't quit,
I'll give him that much.
Sometimes I think letting
him follow me into music
was the worst mistake
I ever made.
- You couldn't have stopped him.
Kids do what they want.
And Leo's good at what he does.
- He is.
That's why it irks me that he's
content to live in my shadow.
He could get a real gig.
- Well, he wants to be with you.
I thought it was the end
of the world
when he dropped out of college,
remember?
Thought he was messing up
his chances for med school.
Now I'm happy to find him
breathing in the morning.
If he's okay being
in your shadow,
then we should be okay
with it too.
Would it kill you to include
the song on the album?
- No, it wouldn't kill me.
But it's the one thing in
my life that is just mine.
- That's not true.
(scoffs)
- I don't take a dump without
considering
how it's gonna effect that kid.
- I just think this gesture
could make a difference.
- This album is not a gesture!
- I... it's, that's not what
I meant and you know it.
- Look what he's doin' to us.
- He's not doing anything.
You're being selfish.
- Are you kidding me?
I gave up being number one
to you a long time ago.
- Because Leo needs me.
He's needed me for as long
as I can remember.
All the times he came home
wasted and you were on the road.
I've been doing
the heavy lifting here.
I've given up my life for him
and there's nothing left.
- Well, this is my music,
my legacy,
and I'll be damned if I'm gonna
let him take that away, too!
- Your legacy? You know what
your legacy is?
Your children are your legacy.
You might want to rethink
that, Billy.
- Ready?
- Yeah. Uh, get the tube from
the boathouse
and I'll meet you
in five minutes.
- Okay.
(tense music)
- Nice try, Dad.
- Hey, Bug.
Let me get that.
Thank you.
(effort grunt)
Let's get in the boat.
Hop.
Put your vest on.
- Yep.
(foreboding music)
(beeping)
- Need help?
(whirring)
- Got it.
Oh, sit down.
Sit down.
Let's go tubing.
Woo! Here we go.
(rumbling)
- Daddy, you promise to go
really fast, right?
Really, really fast, okay?
Because whenever Grandpa takes
me he says he goes fast,
but he doesn't.
(Jo Jo grunts)
Daddy?!
Daddy, wake up!
Daddy!
(engine stops)
(panicked breathing)
- I'm okay now, I promise.
Get in the water and,
and I'll pull you.
Come on, I'll go really fast.
- Let's just go back.
- Okay.
But...
...we don't have to worry
Grandpa and Grandma
over nothing, right?
Jo?
(sighs)
- Hiya, Anne.
- Dana.
- How've you been?
- Fine.
I'm just fine.
Who's that?
- Pete.
He's my roommate.
- Nice place you got.
- Billy said he spoke to you.
- Yeah, I know.
The thing is, I...
I'm gonna need to talk
to him again.
- Not a good time.
Can I help you with something?
- So, my landlord jacked up
my rent,
claims it's for added
maintenance charges
or hot water or something.
I'm gonna need more
to make the monthly...
- Hm.
(clears throat)
That's not the agreement.
- Yeah, I know.
I know, but...
You know what, since I'm here,
I would really love to say
hi to Jo Jo.
- Wait. Wait.
- Are we cool here?
- I will get you more money
when we see you keeping
your promise.
But I will call the police
right now
if you don't get back
into that van right now
and get the hell out of here.
- Fine.
Dana.
Let's go.
- You tell Billy
I'm gonna see him soon.
Very soon.
(chuckles)
Toodles.
- The motion we're entering
seeks to exclude the testimony
of Dana Carlson's roommate
about incidents unrelated
to the indictment.
- Objection. The testimony about
the Defendant implies pattern.
We hope to show his impulsive
and violent behaviour
in this case
is not an isolated event.
- Your Honour, Dana Carlson
and her roommate are both
drug users,
their testimony should be
disallowed on that basis alone.
- He's got six months
of sobriety under his belt.
- So he claims.
- I'll allow the testimony.
- Uh, Your Honour.
- That's my decision.
- Leo overslept, must have
been up late in the studio.
I told Jo Jo you'd drive
her to school.
What's up?
- Dana was just here.
- When?
- Just now.
She's gone, Billy.
- What'd she want?
- What do you think?
And she was with some new guy
she said was her roommate.
He looked strung out.
He scared me.
- Jo Jo?
- Jo Jo, honey?
Sweetie, what's wrong?
(whimpers)
(trickling)
Baby...
...what's the matter?
You can tell me.
- Thank God.
(grunting)
- What the hell?
- You're using again.
- I was working late
on the song.
- That's the excuse
I used gave your mother.
- It's not an excuse. I have an
idea I think it'd really work.
- Forget the song! I don't want
to hear about the damn song!
- Right.
You never did, did you?
- You almost killed your
daughter!
My granddaughter!
Yeah.
She told us, Leo.
I also know you stole
my cancer meds.
Talk to me, Son.
- I don't think
I'm gonna make it, Pop.
- We'll get you help.
You hear me?
As many times as we have to.
- You should be enjoying
your life with Mom,
not... taking care of a junkie.
- No, no, no.
You're my son.
And we'll get through this.
I promise.
We'll do whatever we have to do.
(sobbing)
- Please don't make me keep
fighting this anymore.
I can't do it.
(rumbling)
(car beeping)
- Hi. Your call scared me.
- Hey.
- I thought that...
- It's not the cancer.
- Then it's Leo.
- Yeah.
- He's using again?
And then uh... something
happened yesterday that...
- What? What happened?
- Can we talk inside?
- Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Come in.
Why didn't you and mom
call the police?
- And tell them what?
That our ex-daughter-in-law
came to our house
with her new boyfriend?
- They threatened Mom.
- The police can't arrest Dana
for something she hasn't done.
Yeah, she's always been bad
for him,
and now with this guy
and Leo's using again it's...
- Can he go to rehab?
- He won't go.
And to tell the truth, I get it.
It's been a revolving door
for 15 years.
How's this gonna be
any different?
If he's going to fall,
we can't stop him.
- What about Jo Jo?
- We're gonna take full custody,
your mom and me.
- Dad,
you already raised
your children.
- We've talked it through,
it's what we want.
It's the only way
and the lawyers have drawn up
papers relinquishing custody so.
- Does Leo know?
- Not yet.
We'll tell him as soon
as Dana's signed off on it.
- What makes you think she will?
(sighs)
- Well, that's why I'm here.
I know Ted has a gun.
- Dad.
- I'm not gonna use it.
I just don't know how Dana or
this guy are gonna react so...
just let me have the gun, Ro.
No one else needs to know.
- Did you see the defendant
that night?
- Yeah. He just showed up
at our place.
- And what'd he say?
- He wanted Dana to sign
her kid over to him.
- And what happened after that?
- Wow.
If it ain't the famous
Billy Carlson in the flesh.
- I wanna see Dana.
- Hey Dana,
put something on,
your father-in-law's here.
You got our cash this time?
- Yeah.
- So?
- Dana.
- Okay.
I've kept up my end
of the bargain.
Did you bring my money?
- Well, it's a little more
complicated than that now.
- Things got pretty
loud between 'em.
- Between Dana Carlson
and the defendant?
- Yeah.
Especially him.
Thinks just 'cause he's got a
bit of money and some fame
that he can push people around.
- Did Dana Carlson do anything
to provoke the Defendant?
- She stood up for herself,
like anybody would.
She didn't want to be treated,
you know, like crap.
So maybe got a little
physical with him.
- She hit Mr. Carlson?
- It was just a slap.
- And what did Mr. Carlson
do at that point?
- Uh, he... pulled out
a Smith and Wesson.
His hand was shaking
but he said he would use it
unless she signed.
- Leo.
(sighs)
Where ya been?
- Pavun has a bed
for you tomorrow morning.
- You can't stay here anymore.
Not unless you're clean.
- I'm not going back.
Please.
I slipped up
but I'll be better, okay?
- We've been through
this too many times.
- Fine.
I'll just go get Jo Jo
and we'll find another place.
- Jo Jo's not here.
- What?
Where is she?
- With Ramona.
You can't be a parent
to her right now.
We need you to sign
over custody.
- What?
- Just until you're better.
- You need Dana's consent and
she's gone with the wind, so.
- Leo.
Read it.
- What'd you do, Dad, huh?
How did you get this?
- Does it even matter?
Some women aren't meant to be
mothers, she's one of them.
- Where is she?
Tell me where Dana is.
- You don't need her
in your life.
- That is not up to you.
- We are trying
to keep you sober.
- You wanna know why
I'm an addict?
Because I'm suffocating
in this house.
My only escape from the constant
look of failure on your faces
is the high that I think
about night and day.
I'm sorry, it's the truth.
Leo, the underachiever!
Leo, the screw-up!
Does that make you proud now?
Huh?
- Leo.
- Get off me.
(Anne gasps)
- Billy!
- Leo!
- Let's go, we gotta move.
- Where are we going?
- It's a surprise.
You'll just have to find out
when we get there.
Alright, we're leaving.
(Anne): If Leo calls,
don't pick up.
- I won't. Mom...
you and dad are doing
the right thing.
- That doesn't make
it any easier.
- I gotta go.
I love you.
- Love you too.
They're leaving.
- And Leo hasn't showed
up or called?
- No.
- Well, he knows Jo Jo's
with Ramona.
I assumed that'd be
the first place he'd go.
- Do you hear that?
- What?
(Billy's song plays outside)
♪ Still haunted by those
memories ♪
- Oh, no.
- What?
- Call 9-1-1.
Leo! Leo!
♪ And even when I sleep
♪ Your smile is all I dream ♪
Leo! Come on, Son.
Leo!
- I've got the key!
- Leo, please let us in!
Hurry up, please!
Leo!
(tense music)
- No, no, no, no!
Hurry up!
(shaky breathing)
Come on. Come on.
- What are you doing?
He's gonna die!
- That's what he wants.
It's what he's been wanting
for a long time now.
We just haven't been listening.
- No! What did you do?
(sirens approaching)
- Goodnight, my love.
He's gone.
(sobbing)
(footsteps approaching)
(EMT): They're over here.
- Excuse me.
Ma'am, please step away.
- The court has heard
from the witnesses.
Mr. Carlson, would you like
to make a statement?
- No, Your Honour.
- Actually, yes.
I... I have something to say.
- Excuse me, Miss.
Miss.
- Don't touch me.
- I can't let you go in there.
- That's my father-in-law
on trial.
- I have a lot of regrets
about how we raised our son.
How we struggled
with his addiction.
I blame myself for not being
able to do more,
to keep him from ruining
his life.
Not once, but six,
seven, eight times.
We were drained, all of us.
(door opens)
- Murderer.
(whispering)
- It may seem cruel,
but I loved my son.
I loved him so much.
I just...
I didn't know how to save him.
It was all I thought about.
All... all any of us
ever thought about.
Every minute of every day,
it was always there.
Along with the helplessness
and the fear
of not knowing when.
Letting Leo go
was the only way to allow
my family to live.
(Anne whimpering, crying)
- I... couldn't, I...
- She... she tried to...
she tried to save him,
she really tried, I just...
I couldn't let her.
- Billy.
- It's okay,
it's okay, it's okay.
I won't be around forever
but as long as I'm here,
I can't keep putting you
and Jo Jo through this.
That little girl,
she's gonna need you.
(cries)
- William Carlson, please rise.
Mr. Carlson, I have no doubt
that you and your family have
suffered a great deal.
But you, sir, are not God.
The law prohibits you from
preventing someone else
from saving another's life.
When you broke the syringe,
you broke the law.
Much as I sympathize
with your anguish,
it is not this court's place
to forgive you.
My hands are tied here, sir.
This court has taken into
account your declining health
in determining a sentence
of four years.
(crowd gasping)
I take no joy in acknowledging
for you,
this may well be a
life sentence.
This court is adjourned.
(gavel bangs)
- No!
(cameras shuttering)
(handcuffs clicking)
- Your Honour,
may I give my wedding band
to my wife?
- Bailiff.
(Anne cries)
- Jo Jo needs you now.
(soft music)
(Bailiff): It's time.
(cameras shuttering)
- Grandma, look at this.
A real beauty, huh?
(laughing): Yeah, a real beauty.
(soft guitar playing)
♪ Every day keeps falling
♪ Faster than the last
♪ But I still can't run faster
♪ Daster than my past ♪
Subtitling: difuze